# WEEK 8 (9 October - 15 October, 2023)

## Overview
&emsp;&emsp;We complete the first draft of project plan proposal. Here is the link to the draft.
## Process description
&emsp;&emsp;In this week's progress, we completed the first draft of the project as a whole, and drew up a rough modeling of the parts and the whole, explaining the functionality of each part. In the first draft, our team explained in detail what each part was responsible for and how they would relate to each other and how they would work together. In the first draft, we introduced the problems we have solved so far and the problems we encountered in the current work and proposed some feasible solutions.
<br>
&emsp;&emsp;With the future timeline, we have planned in detail the progress of the subsequent tasks to ensure that we will be able to complete them successfully.In this schedule, we think the more difficult time is in the winter vacation. In the winter vacation, you need to complete your own part in detail, and do a detailed model diagram and integrate these models together. This is a big challenge for us in the winter vacation, each in his own home. The solution we propose is to use some online communication software such as zoom meeting and solidwork's "pack and go" function to achieve online project promotion, so as to better assembly and verification of parts after returning to school.
## Anticipated future scenarios
&emsp;&emsp;In the future we will try to improve the performance of the device as much as possible, e.g. we can add a high power capacitor for storing electricity to help the device to realize the sinking action, or maximize the use of solar panels to collect electricity. In the process of wave data analysis and observation of the surface of the device, so that in the case of data analysis and processing can help to combine the observation of data, directly and effectively derived from the current period of time the weather conditions of the sea surface. This can be used to assist passing ships or other testing centers in taking preventive measures. In terms of topology optimization, we combine a variety of optimization methods to analyze the fatigue level while analyzing the load force, which helps to improve the overall structure of the device. We hope that the final device should be able to meet our initial design requirements.
